=head1 NAME

Log::Handler::Changes - Changes from 0.38 to 0.40.

=head1 WHAT IS NEW, WHAT IS DEPRECATED

=head2 More than one output

Since version 0.40 the method C<add()> is totaly new. With this method you can
add outputs as much as you wish, each with its own level range and different
other options. As example you can add a output for the levels 0-4
(emergency-warning) and another output for the levels 4-7 (warning-debug).
Each output is handled as a own object.

=head2 Outputs

There are different output modules available:

    Log::Handler::Output::File
    Log::Handler::Output::DBI
    Log::Handler::Output::Email
    Log::Handler::Output::Forward
    Log::Handler::Output::Screen
    Log::Handler::Output::Socket

You can add the outputs on different ways. Take a look to the further
documentation of L<Log::Handler>.

=head2 Message layout

Placeholders are now available for the message layout in C<printf()> style.
The old style of <--LEVEL--> is deprecated and you should use C<%L> instead.
The layout can be defined with the option C<message_layout>.

The option C<prefix> is deprecated.

=head2 Configuration file

Now it's possible to load the configuration from a file. There are 3
configuration plugins available:

    Config::General
    Config::Properties
    YAML

Take a look into the documentation for L<Log::Handler::Config>.

=head2 New options

    dateformat
    priority
    message_pattern
    prepare_message
    filter
    alias

=head2 Changed options

    prefix  is now  message_layout
    debug   is now  debug_trace

=head2 Kicked options

    rewrite_to_stderr

=head2 New methods

    add()           to add new outputs
    config()        to load outputs from a configuration file
    set_pattern()   to create your own placeholder
    get_output()    to get a output object with an alias

=head2 New level methods

Please take a look to L<Log::Handler::Levels> because the list is very long.

=head2 Kicked methods

    note()
    close()
    get_prefix()
    set_prefix()

=head2 Changed methods

    trace()  replaced with trace methods for each level
    warn()   still exist but is a replacement vor carp() now

=head2 Backward compatibilities

As I re-designed C<Log::Handler> it was my wish to support all things from
version 0.38.

    my $log = Log::Handler->new(filename => 'file.log');

This is still running fine. It creates a C<Log::Handler::Simple>
object with all features of C<Log::Handler> from version 0.38.

=head2 Further releases

Extensions and changes are planed. I hope I have enough time to implement my
ideas as soon as possible!

=head1 AUTHOR

Jonny Schulz <jschulz.cpan(at)bloonix.de>.

=cut
